Household builder

Given description - 

Your application needs a way to capture information about a household applying for health insurance coverage. 
Develop a UI for building a household up from individual people.

Requirements and functionality used for each requirement-

As per thr requirement I did not change anything in index.html, but manipulated DOM from index.js

In the given index.js file, I have added comments for each functionality to make the code easily understandable:

1.Validate data entry (age is required and > 0, relationship is required)-
   user cannot add the details unless above validation criteria are satisfied.
   he cannot click submit unless he adds details for at least one household.
   
2.Add people to a growing household list-
   if validation criteria in step  1 is satisfied, user can add household details and he can see growing list of households as 
   he goes on adding details for every household

3.Remove a previously added person from the list
  When user submit the details,  functionalityhas been added  to remove previously added person from the list.
  
4.Display the household list in the HTML as it is modified.
  a small function has been added to display modified list (without any duplicate records) after submit so as to make UI less heavy. 
  We can display the list anywhere as per the client requirement. Alsoin this javascript, filter function is used from Ecmascript 3 version.
  There is an alternative for this approach in Ecmascript 6 , where we can simply add list in set to remove all duplicate values.
  This is because SET collection does not allow duplicates.
  
5.Serialize the household as JSON upon form submission as a fake trip to the server
  There is a smalll functionality to convert data in form fields to json and display it after submitting the form.
  
 There is one extra functionality to clear the previously filled data from form fields, once user add the household details.
 
 Happy to add any further functionality as per the requirement.
